[Music]
hey
i'm miguel my family and i just moved
into 109.
great build more immigrants look dude
he thought we were college don't matter
i didn't know you guys were trying to
buy beer i'm sorry
watch your car man get the hell out of
here losers
having trouble breathing hey do you
think you could teach me
what no well you could open your own
dojo look i'm not getting into this with
you yeah
now who's a loser
[Music]
johnny lawrence i i knew it was you
i kicked his face i'm just busting your
chops
it was an illegal kid hey dad look who's
here
are you sure you're ready because once
you go down this path there's no turning
i'm gonna be your sensei you'll strike
back
[Music]
never wait for the enemy to
did it attack me go dmitry this is eli
i have you listed as an emergency
contact for robbie keane
uh yeah mr father but you're supposed to
call his mom don't try to play dad now
you're a pathetic loser
i know high school kids can be rough no
it wasn't a kid
some guy at a meeting mall he just
jumped me and my friends some things
never changed
i heard you beat up a bunch of teenagers
in that parking lot out there
i kicked the [ __ ] out of a bunch of
[ __ ] who deserved it the hell you
think you're talking to
i'm sorry sensei sensei
really what do you think you're doing
promoting my business let me try mining
yours
you better watch out rhea
hey man you want to trade cans
you could still make something to
yourself like your old pal daniel russo
must be nice to be a winner go to school
don't go to school i don't care
see that's the thing you don't care this
morning taking so long it's what the
hell are you doing here i should ask you
the same question
shouldn't you be at home with our kid i
can't
make that kid do anything anymore then
he can come stay with me i'll make him
go to school
okay yeah sure stop it
[Music]
i know i messed up big time but if you
let him come back
i won't fail him again you got your ass
kicked because you didn't have any
defense
and the best defense
it's more offense we found a bunch of
these up on the billboard
that's the guy you went to high school
with right this son of a [ __ ]
disrespected our family
i'm actually here for karate i saw your
website
it said that there was supposed to be a
session today are you gonna take [ __ ]
from these losers
no good because when i'm done with you
you're gonna be sending a message back i
think he can bring cobra kai back to the
valley
not on my watch i just wanted to tweak
zarkarian so he would jack up the rent
and it worked because now cobra kai is
gonna have to shut down
that billboard with a big-ass dick on it
i guess sam takes after her dad
why don't you shut the hell up and stop
being such an [ __ ]
it's not lame ass karate
it's cobra
[Applause]
i kai this when i was training for my
first tournament back in 81.
i want you to have it
looks like we're in business can you
start monday
absolutely welcome to the russo family
my short time is a sensei i've also seen
some miracles
yeah yeah if you don't want me to call
you lip then don't have a weird lip
can't you get surgery for that i was
born with a cleft lip
this is the scar from the surgery you
got to flip the script okay
like get a face tattoo or guide your eye
out the body isn't all punching and
kicking
it's actually more about balance if
you're not strong on the inside you
can't be strong on the outside
i'm flipping the script wait are you the
kid with the lip
nice cut bro huck call in class
are you ready to learn the way of the
fist yes
go me wax on wax off hey hey
[Music]
do you want to go out on a date with me
oh
there's a lifetime ban on cobra kai from
entering the tournament
what come on it's gonna be so much fun
okay what's the name of your dojo
cobra kai
[Music]
john crease is dead i admit cobra kai
had his share of problems in the 80s
my sensei didn't always play by the
rules
that's why i left don't feel bad
holy [ __ ] sam that was amazing
you know this may be the best date i've
ever been on
[Music]
congratulations johnny i'm the man yes
crush the date
i crushed the committee meeting is the
corporate guys in hell yeah we're in
is that daniel larussa's daughter yeah
you know samantha
you're dating a larusso ally
i figured we'd work things out
eventually but then daniela russo gave
me
i see the two of them flirting with each
other out of nowhere the guy's sucker
punches
what an [ __ ] i know man i was looking
for mr
russo he's been training me back here on
the dojo and samantha
robbie i caught myself and climbed back
up so that doesn't count no that totally
counts as funny
what the hell are you doing consider
this a message from daniel larusso
we know someone with a car dealership
who can help
this i'll get you the keys and you get
the hell out of here
where are we going to a party ally's a
doctor now
wow okay it's actually a little more
hey who's this guy i literally couldn't
took
good luck at the tournament i won't be
there you're not the only one around
here with a student
i have a student on my own
[Music]
hey hey dad back off dad
you gotta be kidding me get up please
and don't come back to this house
not to the dealership not ever
everything falls apart
that's how it goes
life shows no mercy so neither do we go
right guys
[Applause]
key
[Music]
[Applause]
remember what you learned robbie
that's enough illegal context you're
disqualified
look i'm sorry about what happened the
other night i don't even know you are
anymore
the final match to determine who will be
victor
robbie keane will now be fighting for
miyagi doe karate
with former champion daniel
[Applause]
look i know we want to win but it's got
to be the
[Music]
[Applause]
this year's new champion miguel diaz
and the cobra kai dojo
i'm sorry
it's okay man
[Music]
welcome to miyagi do karate
you want
that the real story's only just begun
you